---
title: "Terms of Use"
description: "Terms of Use for WireGen.ai"
image: "/images/blog-1.jpg"
date: 2022-04-04T05:00:00Z
draft: false
---

Welcome to WireGen.ai. By using our Plug-in, you agree to the following terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Plug-in.

1. Acceptance of Terms: By using our Plug-In, you acknowledge and agree to these terms of use and understand the conditions outlined herein. If you do not agree to these terms, please refrain from using the Plug-In.

2. Updates to Terms of Use: These terms of use may be updated at any time without prior notice. Your continued use of the Plug-In after any changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised terms.

3. Termination of Access: We reserve the right to terminate your access to the Plug-In if we believe you have violated these terms of use or any applicable laws.

4. Collection and Use of Email Address: We may collect and use your email address solely for the purpose of providing you with updates, notifications, and support related to the Plug-In. Your email address will not be shared with any third parties.

5. Use at Your Own Risk: The WireGen Plug-In is currently in beta and may contain bugs or errors. We do not guarantee the accuracy, reliability, or completeness of the wireframes generated by the Plug-In. You acknowledge that your use of the Plug-In and any reliance on its results are at your own risk.

6. Termination and Disclaimer: We reserve the right to discontinue the development and support of the Plug-In at any time, without any obligations or liability to users.

7. If you have any questions or concerns regarding these terms, please contact us for clarification.